So about the approval, let me start with that. It's only the admin that can approve the loan. So basically what we have right now, we're considering the fact that you can be three admins, but then we thought that would be some imbalance of power. So we say maybe if we can reduce the number to two administrators, that would be better. So it's the admin that approves you as a member, you request for a loan depending on the shares that you have and the ones that you've gotten from being guaranteed. Or maybe, we have not talked of the savings yet, but based on that you can request for the loan. The admins will get their notification on their end. So the first admin will approve, which will send the notification to the second admin. So it's not just, we're using this as a security feature whereby an admin cannot approve their own loan. So they have to agree, both of them. So we say that if we can do this for the admin, why can we not do it for the members as well? So both the admins can be in harmony. They can know that we have approved the loan for this member. So the first admin will approve. Notification goes to the second admin. Once the second admin approves the loan, then now The disbursement notification goes to the member, shows them that your loan has been approved, now you wait for the disbursement. Because one thing we couldn't automate that disbursement is because your amount, the cash that you have is in the bank. Integrating the bank into the systems that it can automatically disburse the amount, at this point, can be difficult, it can be okay, it is doable but we cannot start off with that so we say the disbursement can be manual whereas you just approve the loan for the member once they get the notification they'll be waiting for their disbursement and then now the record okay you can see Rogers wants to say something I wanted to correct you guys Right now, the roles that you guys have in mind is just the admin and the member. I want to have an open school whereby I can find someone from finance, someone from risk, and those are roles. The school you need is the admin and the member. I want to believe that adding the roles will be easy. And also segmenting the type of reports that each school will be seeing. if it were possible so that we are not immediately restricted to only the admin and the member. And then we are, if it's possible, that we achieve those roles we can do, even if you have a customer service person. Members of the team want to know the reason why that customer service person has no access to some part of the system. And also to add on what Regis is saying, you can't tell us that approval has only been customized to two people. So the roles will be way much better and I don't think it's effective for the approval to only be between two people. I think if we implement what Regis is saying, right, and be able to guide us also on the approval process. You can proceed. Okay, I've got a new. So this is our first presentation. We are showing you what we've developed so far. And in mind, when we were beginning, We normally as developers, we have it in our mind that this system has to be customizable. It has to be scalable because we don't build a system for two months. We build it for, it can last years and years. We'll be giving the first version, second, until 10th continuous. So whatever you said is possible. We can customize this to ensure that we have different people in that we are not going to have only the member and the admin. We can add other categories, maybe the accounts and also maybe you've talked about maybe someone who deals with the disbursement and all. We can add those roles. That is possible. We can segment the section of the system where they are supposed to access and they are asked which they cannot access, we can divide those roles. That is possible. So once we've shown you what we have in general, and then now you give us what you propose, we can go to the election. See, in the first place, we were just in the trash to give you a system. Then now you guys can tell us why we are supposed to make changes, why you have approved. where you have not. So that is possible. We can add the customer service as well. And you talked about scalability, that one I've answered. So everything basically that you've said is possible. We can do that. We can ensure that the approval is not just for two people. We didn't know that. What we had in mind was members and the admin. Yeah, we can add that. Yes, you can speak. You've not answered Hazel's question completely. So that was approval alone. What about someone else? What about guarantorship? Someone has requested me to guarantee them. Do I get a chance to approve what I want or am I just the administrator going to approve? Okay. I started by saying that the approval is between the two admins. You can add the other roles. And then when you request for a loan as a member, when you want a guarantor, so maybe your shares are not in, or you want a loan that exits your shares, you need to get guarantors to give you more shares. Once you request for a share from someone, they need to approve of how much they are supposed to give to you. It is not just automatically that if you want 10 from me, it deducts from my account. No, I need to go get a notification. That's why we have a notification and the message tabs. So once you go there, you'll get a notification as a member and then you'll see so-and-so is requesting for shares from me. They want me to be a guarantor. They want me to guarantee them. So you choose how much are you willing to guarantee someone. I might have asked for five, but you're willing to give me two based on maybe your requirements for that month. You also need to get a loan. So we've set it in a way that you are the one to approve of how much shares you are going to give to guarantee someone else. That is it. You are not going to just deduct your account automatically when someone requests for it. Or maybe restricting you because I have asked for 10 shares, you must give me 10. No. You'll have to agree on how much you are supposed to give me. And it talks of also savings and shares. Savings and shares are separate. What we had in mind as we were starting to build the system is Once you say that you're going to be giving two shares each and every month, or maybe three shares, and then you end up maybe sending 5,000. 5,000 is five shares. Yours is only two shares, and maybe you didn't have any loans. Your welfare is going to be deducted from that amount. And the rest that... that is in excess is going to go to the savings. Now that is going to be your savings in your own account. So it's not going to be the same as the shares. So maybe you can elaborate more on how you'd want it to be, but that is what we had in mind. So the shares and the savings are separate in this case. Have I answered the questions? Mr. Thank you. I hope Mr. Maeda had his hand up. But okay, this is what I wanted to ask. Proceed sir, proceed. One has a loan, the payment is coming in in bulk. Maybe one has a loan of a thousand bucks, and a share of two thousand, and a share of three hundred, and a share of two thousand. And they find a one bulk payment of, let me say, five thousand. Is the system able to differentiate between this is a loan repayment amount, this is savings, this is welfare, this is share capital? Yes, of course, that is one part that we asked ourselves as developers as well. So we were deducting this bulk amount in priority. So we were giving the loan the first priority. Based on our understanding, we saw that the loan could be someone else's shares. So you took a loan and then you were guaranteed by someone. Meaning, in this loan that you're paying back, it carries in it someone else's shares, logically. So when you pay a bulk amount, once the amount gets into the account, the system is going to deduct the loan first. They're going to prioritize the loan first. And then we are going to go to the welfare. You are going to correct me if the flow is wrong. We are going to go to the welfare. After the welfare, now it is going to consider your shares because that is now your personal shares. That one is going to be deducted later on. And if there is any other pending amount in that bulk, it's going to go to your savings. So that is the flow that we considered, the loan being the first priority. Okay. What I wanted us to do in that flow of deductions, I would prefer that the shares be the last. And then I wanted you to... We said that we agreed initially that the minimum share capital somebody should have is 5,000. Now... I will be able to instruct the system not to deduct anything after a member has reached the maximum of 5,000, the minimum of 5,000, because I may be willing to pay more savings. and not more shares. Of course, we agreed that a member can hold as many shares as beyond 15%. This is something we just discussed, but I've not officiated. But now, I want us to customize the system in such a way that it doesn't direct more money to the shares but instead it should direct more money to my savings. So we should instruct it in such a way that when the member has reached a certain minimum and they are not willing to continue contributing to the share capital, the money that is paid in excess is redirected to savings. What I would propose is that I don't know whether at this point we are able to develop a ussd because I saw at the beginning we were able to prompt the ambassador to make deductions when I'm doing registration so if we could have a ussd that itemizes those things such that once I have made a payment to my loan and I have prescribed the amount that I want to be deducted to the loan. Then I go to the next, do you have any transaction you want to do? Yes. To go there, pay savings. Do you have any other pending transaction? Yes. Pay welfare. Do you have any transaction? Yes. Pay... shares and then it tells you now wait for confirmation to put a better pin and then we do like that. I've seen it work somewhere. I believe Mr. Mamba you have also seen it somewhere such that I am able to direct the monies to the accounts I want by myself and not the system to direct me by itself. I don't know whether I am clear. Maybe if you are not, you can notify me to make a recaption. Yes, am I audible? Yes, now you are. Okay, so I can comment about the USSD. So first of all, I would recommend that we go about this step by step. We are going now to ensure that the system that we have currently works perfectly because you see, yeah, USSD, that's another development milestone. We need to ensure that our system is compatible with the USSD, which it is, but we now have to restructure our logic towards also USSD. We'll have to patch that section, which is another milestone that we will have to go to. And also, it's costly when we want to also include the USSD part of it. It's a good idea. It's only in making sure that we have our APIs right. and then they can go to the same database. The main thing here is ensuring that the databases are connected, whether you're using the USSD, whether you're using the web-based system, or whether we decide to go to a mobile app. When our databases are configured to match with each other, basically we'll have just one database, but the APIs can communicate with all these platforms. It will be easier. But I would recommend that before we go to USSD, because that's another milestone, we make sure that this particular system that we have, this approach, works perfectly. So in terms of ensuring that The SDK part of it works perfectly when you go live. It segments the payments the way you've said. And then about the share capital, we are going to consider that. We are going to ensure that we consider that in our in our update. This was just the first presentation we were having. So once we get there, we will schedule another presentation where we are going to capture all these changes that you've given to us. And then we'll come to you, make sure that everything is fine-tuned and is according to expectations. Then we can talk about the USST because If we now go back to developing USST and this one is not even fine-tuned, we are going to talk about another milestone, another cost, which is, I think, that's another topic. So we are going to consider, for now, we are going to consider the share capital that you talked about, the minimum share capital. Once it's reached, you're not going to be deducted more to go to the shares. So it is going to consider taking that as your personal savings, if I got it right. So, Mr. Rogers, I can see your hand is up. Thank you. I think all has been captured. I think we shall... Yes. I'm sorry sir, I left at the point when when Awilko was explaining about the USSD and now I wanted to ask finally whether it is possible to now make a member when we are doing payments can we have a place in the system where I can feed like a form before I'm prompted now to authorize the transaction so that we avoid the USSD and the rest so that a member can authorize a transaction by themselves or from the system or it is only the admin who can do that. so that when a member is joining, the registration fee, those allocations are there, and then the totals. I just feed what I want to pay, and then the total sum is prompted to be deducted from my M-Pesa. Otherwise, to that effect, I think I'm okay. I'm only not concerned. If it is possible, then it will be helpful to be... to do my self-service by my own in the allocation of the money. I think when I look at Derrida's end, I would want to also support him on the U.S.S.A. business. He is claiming that we first ensure that the first stage of this thing is to be done up and operational, 99% efficient, and then we go to the next bit of the U.S.S.T. Because it has a financial implication for us to be hosted, have a dedicated U.S.S.T. program. I think it's also going to cost around $3,000 a month. went to after talking to um Five million. Okay, that is in order. At least we can see the proposal from your end, we can come and now negotiate either upwards or downwards. We can give another offer, even if we see that offer is small, we can give that money to the fund. Or if we have a due period, we can come and give a small amount to the fund. But one thing that I'm happy about is that we are the flagship fund, In a manner of talk, we will have a lot of collaboration and a lot of understanding as well from both parties. So that at the end of the day, you launch our success rate. I think with that being said, you will allow me to appreciate you gentlemen and ladies for your time this particular evening. I request, if possible, today is on Sunday. If by Tuesday, we can be able to get the same, by Tuesday, to get the commercial fit of it. Then I will request again before the 1st of April, which is on Thursday. Probably, we guys can spare one hour or 30 minutes on Wednesday. to ensure that you receive the changes that we've recommended and also to have that workflow alone application from end to end. Also, for shares, partitions from savings and share capital, to have at least a workflow. We can say now this thing is working from end to end. If it would be okay with all of us, can we have a one-hour on Wednesday probably in the evening that is from around five to six and after need a request to keep time on wednesday to pta to any camera register members to any mutual book loan from end to end to any garanta to put the notification to one day at the means when you want to go and honor the system and then the loan will be paid as it is on the loan schedule as it is on the same. If that is going to be okay with us. Gwana, is that okay with us? That is in order. So you said Wednesday, what time is the agree time? I'm proposing 5 to 6 as long as we keep time. We ensure that by 5 we have answered, by 6 we have finished. Okay. If that is okay with you. Gwana Okalo? I think that will do well at 5pm. Thank you sir, I'll be okay with 5pm. Yes, we'll try our best to deliver by that time. So it will be okay. Yes, as long as it's day 5, it's good. Marshall will still write up any proposal by Tuesday. Colleen Hassell Ogutu, we will remember to send to GONA our personal email addresses so that the document on the commercial date can be able to be shared officially on our email addresses. We will request to meet latest by Tuesday so that we can have time to internalize the document and also have our own in-house communication on the same before we meet on Wednesday. I continue from the venue and you all have a good evening. Okay.

Transcribed by https://www.uniscribe.co